Bat Cop Script


Characters:


Bat Cop - a hard nosed detective who sees the world in black and white.
Fat Cat - Bat Cop’s boss. Talks tough, might be dirty.
Dirty Rat - a professional criminal. 




Opening Narration


Bat Cop: I step out of the rain-slicked streets into a warehouse choked with dust. This is where I’ll find him. I’ve worn out my wing-leather flapping all over this city, chasing the Dirty Rat responsible for this neighborhood’s cheese problem. A tip from a dame lead me here, this rat’s nest. I have to be careful, though. A cornered rat fights the hardest.




Getting Warmer


Bat Cop: I’m getting closer now. I can feel it. That rat is going to be wearing a new pair of bracelets in no time.


Getting Colder


Bat Cop: He’s skittering away from me, I can feel it. Can’t let that happen. I have to keep my ears peeled for any sign of him.


On Sighting the Rat


Bat Cop: Stop right there, ya fink!
Dirty Rat: Cheese it! The fuzz! You’ll never take me alive!
Bat Cop: If you’ve got a death wish, I’ll be happy to oblige.
Dirty Rat: You have to catch me first!


On Losing the Rat


Bat Cop: Lost him. Only one way in or out of this place. He’ll be heading for the entrance. Have to cut him off there.


Rat Escapes


Cut to a cutscene of Bat Cop getting chewed out outside the warehouse
Fat Cat: You let him get away.
Bat Cop: Might not have happened if you’d sent the backup I asked for.
Fat Cat: After the stunts you pulled? You ruffled a lot of feathers coming down here. I told you to leave it alone, and now we have a huge mess on our hands, and we don’t even have a collar to show for it.
Bat Cop: The trail’s not cold yet.
Fat Cat: It is for you. I’m taking your badge. You’re suspended. Go home, Bat Cop.


Bat Cop just glares at him. We cut to a scene of him in a bar getting drunk on a fruit cocktail. Game Over.


Catching the Rat


Cut to a cutscene of Bat Cop tackling Dirty Rat.
Bat Cop: End of the line for you, Rat.
Dirty Rat: For me, maybe. You too.
Bat Cop: What’s that supposed to mean?
Dirty Rat: Means that if you take me down, other paws will knock you down with me. Your boss is dirty.
Bat Cop: Doesn’t add up.
Dirty Rat: Let me go and I’ll do the math for you. I’ll show you how deep this hole goes.
Bat Cop: Tempting. But you’re going up the river. I’ll find my own way down. I’m pretty good at finding my way in the dark.


Cut to a scene outside the warehouse. Dirty Rat is sulking in the back of a police car. Fat Cat is glaring at Bat Cop… he doesn’t look especially happy.


Bat Cop: I’ll see this through to the end, no matter where it leads me. I’m a guy who sees the world in black and white. I know all the shades of gray in between.